[English](README.md) | [中文](README.zh_CN.md)

# Dose+
An app designed to reduce the mental burden for people on long-term medication.

- Built with Flutter + Material You – I love vibrant and colorful interfaces.
- Data is stored locally – it’s easier for me and safer for you.
- The code was generated by AI – I (don’t know Flutter) but I made modifications.
- Initial user research involved only two people – feedback and ideas are greatly welcomed.

## Done
- [x] Pills
    - Dynamic units
- [x] Plans
    - Recurrence rules
    - Pause rules
- [x] Upcoming Plans
    - Today's planned doses
    - Yesterday's missed doses
- [x] Manual dose skipping
- [x] Annual overview

## Future
I have many ideas, but take them with a grain of salt.
- [ ] Support for more languages
    - Currently only Chinese and English are available, more language options will be added in the future.
- [ ] Theme color customization
    - I want the app's theme color to change based on the pill color, but I haven't figured out exactly how yet.
- [ ] Sync data to system calendar
    - I don't want to deal with various system limitations around notifications; reminders will be supported during sync via the system calendar.
    - Considering device-independent synchronization, possibly with other calendar systems.
- [ ] Common cloud-based data sync
- [ ] App lock

## Special Thanks
Thank my good friend @27 for their contribution to the birth and completion of this project.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/ )

This project is licensed under the MIT License – see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Please note: While this project is open-sourced due to my limited personal capabilities, I hope to leave room for more possibilities. It is intended for non-commercial use only.